README

AOOPBank is a Java software project I wrote for Advanced Object Oriented 
Programming Fall 2019 with instructor Daniel Mejia at the University of 
Texas at El Paso.

AOOPBank simulates a bank software. 
The software reads the BankUsers.txt file which contain customer information 
in the form of:

Name
Date of Birth
Identification Number
Address
Phone Number
Checking Account Number
Checking Starting Balance
Savings Account Number
Savings Starting Balance
Credit Account Number
Credit Starting BAlance

The Main Menu contains three options:
1. Bank Manager Menu
2. Customer Menu
3. Transactions Menu

Bank Manager Menu:
The Bank Manager Menu allows for basic features that a Bank Manager
may be able to do. These inlude:
1. Individual Customer Account Inquiry
	This option will display the account information of a customer
2. All Bank Users Inquiry
	This option will display the account information of every customer
	in the database
3. Add New Customer
	This option will allow the bank manager to create a new customer
	and store them in the database. *Note that the customer identification
	number, checking, savings and credit account numbers are automatically
	generated by the system to prevent duplicates
 
Customer Menu:
The Bank User Menu allows a bank user to access their account by inputting
their name. Please see the BankUsers.txt file to find a name to input to test 
this function.
	Once the Bank User has entered their account, they are allowed to:
1. Conduct an account inquiry,
	This option displays the customer account information
2. Withdraw from their Checking, Savings or Credit account
	*note that withdrawing from the Credit account increases the Credit
	account balance because the Credit account balance is a debt.
3. Deposit into their Checking, Savings or Credit account
	*note that depositing into the Credit acccount decreases the Credit
	account balance because the deposit is a payment towards the debt.
4. Transfer from their Checking or Savings into their own Checking, Savings or Credit
	Account or another bank user's Checking, Savings or Credit account.
	*note that transfers can only be conducted from a Checking or Savings
	account because the Credit balance is a debt.
5. Print Bank Statement
	This option will create a text file that contains the customer information
	and a dated log of each transaction the customer has conducted.
	*note to test, use the transactions.txt file to conduct transactions
	between the customers, then print a bank statement of a random customer
	to see the results.

Transactions Menu
Allows the user to input the name of a text file containing transactions and the
software will conduct each transaction and notify the user of the
success or failure of each transaction. 

Users select menu options by inputting the number of the option.
The number '0' is the input that will exit the user to the previous menu
or out of the software. Any other input will be received as a mistake and 
the software will notify the user to try again.

